1. becoming more efficient at applying your innate curiosity and creativity
With little guidance student is able to generate project ideas to apply their knowledge and improve their skills.
Student enjoys asking 'what if?' questions and pursuing their answers.

2

2. becoming more dexterous at exploring your environment
Student is adept at finding other resources to fill gaps that they recognize in their knowledge of the subject area.
Student successfully finds the answers to their 'what if?' questions.

1

3. becoming a person who enjoys helping and learning from others
Student is an active participant in the team activities.
Student watches for opportunities to help their peers, and feels satisfaction when they are able to successfully help someone.

2

4. using a divide and conquer approach to design solutions for programming problems,
Student spends adequate time in planning their projects before they start coding.
Student is adept in taking a complex problem and breaking it down into small trivial steps.

2

5. finding and trouble shooting bugs you and others will have in the code you write
Student writes code that is free from syntax and logical errors.
Student is adept with the developer tools built into each browser. (Breakpoints, stepping through and inspecting code, using the element/css inspector, console, etc...)
Student is able to successfully set up try/catch blocks in their code to handle potential runtime errors.

2

6. developing and debugging HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript programs that use medium complexity web technologies
Student can successfully build a dynamic web application using HTML, Javascript, and CSS.
Student applies mobile application design best practices in their applications.
Student can manipulate the DOM with Javascript
Student can effectively utilize event listeners with Javascript to handle user events.
Student is able to pull data from an external source (file or API) with Javascript.
Student makes some effort at organizing their code using objects, classes, modules, separation of concerns, or an architectural philosophy such as MVC.
Student makes effective use of CSS transitions/animations in their applications.

2